[Music]
Hello family how are you? Well I'm
delighted to be here today Friday
Also with you I have to admit
that today I just woke up
an hour ago because I was really
so many hours late falling asleep that I
needed to give myself this tribute of
sleep and honestly I think I
woke up worse I don't know if I'm going to wake up
today or if I'm going to go back to bed for real
Thank you so much for all the support that you
're giving to this channel and the rest
Because I also have to tell you that today
when I woke up I had
another surprise and that is that the live was
spectacular because there we did a
spectacular live of 5 and a half hours
that flew by I mean without
meaning to I did five and a half hours and they
went by in a flash and that live is
trending again just like the
day before that those two live shows are
on the Javi el canijo channel okay because I
had had to do with my controversies and my
gossip with youtubers that with the heart
of this channel not So for those who don't
know, well a couple of days ago I won
a lawsuit also for the right to honor it
came out  the sentence on
December 13th and we were celebrating
just celebrating giving the
explanations that we had to give And
telling the details and of course
we swept the live it was trending
but yesterday's live I had to
do another special program Because there are
a lot of people who are well different and not
everyone is happy about the well-being of
others There are a lot of people who are actually
angry that I won a lawsuit and they are out
there kicking like a
little kid no and they are upset because I
won a lawsuit that I obviously
deserved to win because above all in
this case I was defending a man whose
daughter was kidnapped they
hurt her a lot and I had to get in there
to defend him and put in place the
person who was trying
to come between his daughter and this man
all the details I told you all the details last night in
the live So if you want to see it I
recommend that you go to Javier canijo and
there you can see it all okay the live is
trending it was an incredible live
five hours flew by and
now I'm going to open a quick live on
Javier canijo  to discuss other issues with
the kids because I didn't have time and
nothing, just thank you
because it was spectacular and speaking of the
trial, I have to tell you about this
video an article that Jesús Manuel just sent me,
well he won't finish
sending it to me, I'll finish watching it on WhatsApp
and it is that Jesús Manuel has hit the
nail on the head and has a very powerful exclusive
because Rocío Carrasco
has several judicial processes
awaiting results and in fact there are
many people who get confused, there are
people who believe that Olga Moreno and
Rocio Carrasco have only had one
trial, that they have a pending lawsuit, no,
and that Olga has already won or that
the final resolution is still pending and we must
remember that I made a video on
the main channel where I explain there are
four lawsuits, three civil and one criminal,
okay, at the moment Rocío Carrasco is
losing them all, okay. What remains to be
seen are several final resolutions,
but for example, the penalty that was for the
issue of the revelation of the Secret, the penalty has
already been filed, okay. There Olga has already won against
Rocío Carrasco, let's say, and see you
later.  Of the three civilians, one has
already won it firmly, which was the
first in the three instances, he has already
won it since it was for a weekly cover
in 2016, another, which is the second,
already won it in the first instance and in the
second instance, the
Supreme Court has yet to rule so that it is final,
since that is why
Jesús Manuel wrote this article.
That was for a reading cover. We have now
confirmed it, but I think it was for a
reading cover from 2018 or so. Then
the third is the one who had the trial
recently, in fact, Olga's trial was, I
think, a week before
mine that I had with this man. So if
my sentence has just come out, we will
surely have Olga's at any
moment, not from that trial, which
is a trial for the "save me from Luke"
that Olga did.
Personally, I do not like to talk
before we have the sentence because
you do not know what can happen. No, but let's
see, the same thing is at stake,
the same thing is at stake as in the
previous covers because more or less
Olga's statements have always been in
the same vein.  So I would say that the
result is going to be positive but for
Olga and then there is the penalty which is what I am
telling you the penalty is
archived okay Rocío Carrasco
wanted to put her in a case of what was
this called revelation of Secret
had nothing to do with it because for it to be
revelation of secret you have to have
gotten into some computer files
to record people's personal data
or that you have opened letters from
a person or for example having
taken a person's cell phone and
record their messages anyway it's a
move that Olga has not done okay In
fact that is why it is more than archived the
question here is that Jesús Manuel brings
exclusively that he has had
exclusive access to information okay which is the
following It
turns out that well he is talking about
the second lawsuit when we talk about the
second lawsuit we talk about this one I am going
to show you the piece of the video that I made in
the main okay this second lawsuit
is that you know that what happens when they are
giving the news they are mixing one
lawsuit with another let's see In short the
summary of all this is that she
is losing them all if you want not to
get into a mess and mix the  four or
five lawsuits, you lose them all, okay, it
seems very important to me to remember them
because with this the judge is not
telling you who is right Who is not
right, what the judge is
telling you with this is what it is legal to
tell Rocío Carrasco, do you understand me, in
this lawsuit that she files it on the same day,
man, I mean, she files the two lawsuits
together, the two lawsuits are filed one and the
other and she presents it on the same day and she
admits it on the same day and everything is valid, I mean, they
file both lawsuits together, damn,
Put one, damn, Put one and it makes more of a fuss, you
haven't understood, okay, I mean,
what I want to tell you, she files both lawsuits
at the same time because this lawsuit
was already dismissed in the first instance,
both the plaintiff and the defendant
argues the judge has conducted
interviews for celebrity magazines, she
is the daughter of Mrs. Rocío Jurado,
being a public figure since
birth, it is also assured in the sentence
that all of
Olga's statements in the interview are subjective, that there
is no vexatious intent and therefore there is no
express interference with any of
the plaintiff's rights  despite the
efforts made in recent years
to keep certain privacy thresholds afloat,
Rocío Carrasco is famous from
birth and therefore her
rights to honor and above all to
privacy are limited and in February 2020 it was
also dismissed in the
provincial court okay This is appealed and
we are awaiting the resolution of the
supreme court which could be at
any time well There I told you that it
could be at any time
because Well, nothing more than to
calculate okay taking into account that
both the first lawsuit and the
second were filed on the same day, meaning
the trials were very close
therefore the resolutions will go more or
less hand in hand, I don't know that some will have
a delay because
some evidence has to be provided or there is no place or
whatever, let's say what
Jesús Manuel tells us is that the process has
taken six years but on
January 26, 2023 the vote and
ruling will take place okay What does this mean that a
meeting will take place in the civil chamber of the
supreme court for the vote and
ruling on the appeal filed by Rocío
Carrasco, that is to say that for  February
approximately I think March at the latest
but come on I think in February Yes,
probably in February, early
February in fact it won't take more
than a week or two we will have the
final resolution of this lawsuit
as well What does this mean Well look, I'll
explain to you that most likely at
any moment the result of the
trial that she had a little while ago will come out, okay, we're
going to have that one at any
moment if not next week the
other one but surely I bet that
before the end of the year it's going to be
favorable for Olga surely but
now then within a month or
two, a month and a bit we're going to have the final
resolution of this one which was the
second lawsuit it's that it's one news item
after another that she can't read It's that
here reading She's missing out on
many headlines that she's prohibited from giving
anything family I'm very happy for
Olga, the truth is that you already know that
in this matter with her 100% and above
all for freedom of expression and
then let whoever wants to cry cry okay
because the truth is that as it happened
with mine no Because they are the same type
of people when when they win these
lawsuits all the  The world should be
happy because the courts can't be used
in this way, especially when you
go around provoking and getting into conflicts
and getting involved in these little worlds. There are no
people who aren't happy, there are people who
put a but, try, well, I saw on
Twitter people who sent me this
morning screenshots of people who were
trying to translate that I hadn't
won a trial, that I had been
acquitted, that those who have dismissed the
lawsuit but not that I won,
tremendous, tremendous scum, no, but well,
you always attract scum in Tusa and there is no one
better, family is better. What do you think? I'll
be reading you in the
comments box, I send you a huge hug and
bye bye
[Music]